Update deployment documentation. (#32006)
vercel/next.js: docs/deployment.md

---
description: Learn how to deploy your Next.js app to production either managed or self-hosted.
---

# Deployment

Congratulations, you are ready to deploy your Next.js application to production. This document will show how to deploy either managed or self-hosted using the [Next.js Build API](#nextjs-build-api).

## Next.js Build API

`next build` generates an optimized version of your application for production. This standard output includes:

> - HTML files for pages using `getStaticProps` or Automatic Static Optimization

Reviewer: Link to `Automatic Static Optimization` is missing here

- CSS files for global styles or for individually scoped styles.
- JavaScript for pre-rendering dynamic content from the Next.js server.
- JavaScript for interactivity on the client-side through React.

This output is generated inside the `.next` folder:

> - `.next/chunks/pages*` – Each JavaScript file inside this folder relates to the route with the same name. For example, `.next/chunks/pages/about.js` would be the JavaScript chunk loaded when viewing the `/about` route in your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `.next/chunks/pages` – Each JavaScript file inside this folder relates to the route with the same name. For example, `.next/chunks/pages/about.js` would be the JavaScript chunk loaded when viewing the `/about` route in your application.
```

Seems this has an accidental `*` compared to the other items

- `.next/static/media` – Statically import images from `next/image` are hashed and copied here.
- `.next/static/css` – Global CSS files for all pages in your application.
- `.next/server/pages` – The HTML and JavaScript entry points prerendered from the server. The `.nft.json` files are used to understand how to [bundle dependencies](/docs/advanced-features/output-file-tracing.md).
- `.next/server/chunks` – Shared JavaScript chunks used in multiple places throughout your application.

> - `.next/cache` – Output for the build cache and cached images, responses, and pages from the Next.js server. Using a cache helps improve build times and persist client-side JavaScript bundles across deployments.

Reviewer: > and persist client-side JavaScript bundles across deployments.

This can probably be cleared up a bit, I didn't understand what is meant here.

All JavaScript code inside `.next` has been **compiled** and browser bundles have been **minified** to help achieve the best performance and support [all modern browsers](/docs/basic-features/supported-browsers-features.md).

## Managed Next.js with Vercel

[Vercel](https://vercel.com/) is a frontend cloud platform from the creators of Next.js. It's the fastest way to deploy your managed Next.js application with zero configuration.

When deploying to Vercel, the `next build` output is automatically transformed and optimized for you, including:

- Persisting cached assets across deployments if unchanged
- Immutable deployments with a unique URL for every commit
- [Pages](/docs/basic-features/pages.md) are automatically statically optimized, if possible
- Assets (JavaScript, CSS, images, fonts) are compressed and served from a [Global Edge Network](https://vercel.com/features/infrastructure)

> - [API Routes](/docs/api-routes/introduction.md) are automatically optimized as independent, isolated [Serverless Functions](https://vercel.com/features/infrastructure) that can scale infinitely

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [API Routes](/docs/api-routes/introduction.md) are automatically optimized as isolated [Serverless Functions](https://vercel.com/features/infrastructure) that can scale infinitely
```

> - [Middleware](/docs/middleware.md) are automatically optimized as [Edge Functions](https://vercel.com/edge) that have zero cold starts and boot instantly

Author: I believe we actually want plural here. For example, if this was functions - "Function is automatically..." wouldn't make sense. Middleware is just a strange word because it can be both singular and plural.

In addition, Vercel provides features like:

> - Automatic performance monitoring with [Vercel Analytics](/analytics)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Automatic performance monitoring with [Next.js Analytics](/analytics)
```

Not sure if this change is needed though.

- Automatic HTTPS and SSL certificates
- Automatic CI/CD (through GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, etc.)
- Support for [Environment Variables](https://vercel.com/docs/environment-variables)
- Support for [Custom Domains](https://vercel.com/docs/custom-domains)
- Support for [Image Optimization](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md) with `next/image`
- Instant global deployments by pushing to git

You can start using Vercel (for free) through a personal Hobby account, or create a team to start the next big thing. Learn more about [Next.js on Vercel](https://vercel.com/solutions/nextjs) or read the [Vercel Documentation](https://vercel.com/docs).

> [![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/hello-world&project-name=hello-world&repository-name=hello-world&utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=deployment)

Reviewer: Potentially linking this to `/new` would be better as it gives you the choice between bring your own repo and creating a new repo.

Author: I'm making the assumption here that most folks clicking this will be first time users of Vercel, so opting for them to have less clicks.

---

> description: Learn how to deploy your Next.js app to production either managed or self-hosted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to deploy your Next.js app to production, either managed or self-hosted.
```

---

# Deployment

Congratulations, you are ready to deploy your Next.js application to production. This document will show how to deploy either managed or self-hosted using the [Next.js Build API](#nextjs-build-api).

## Next.js Build API

`next build` generates an optimized version of your application for production. This standard output includes:

> - HTML files for pages using `getStaticProps` or [Automatic Static Optimization](/docs/advanced-features/automatic-static-optimization.md)

Reviewer 3: Id like to see us drop the period on list items, per the style guide. But its tough to enforce. Reason being that people forget to add them sometimes, like on this one. I also think it looks a little cleaner. 

This file includes lists with some periods, and a bunch of other lists without them 😅 I'll let you decide what to do here, but consistency is obv key. It looks shabby when some lists have them and others dont.

Author: How do you handle bullets with multiple sentences then? e.g. the first sentence has a period, but the next one doesn't

Author: Went ahead and tried it out with no period here 👍

- CSS files for global styles or for individually scoped styles
- JavaScript for pre-rendering dynamic content from the Next.js server
- JavaScript for interactivity on the client-side through React

This output is generated inside the `.next` folder:

> - `.next/chunks/pages` – Each JavaScript file inside this folder relates to the route with the same name. For example, `.next/chunks/pages/about.js` would be the JavaScript chunk loaded when viewing the `/about` route in your application

Reviewer 4: We shouldn't be outputting a `.next/chunks` folder by default, is this meant to be `.next/static/chunks`?

Author: Yep, good catch!

> - `.next/chunks/pages` – Each JavaScript file inside this folder relates to the route with the same name. For example, `.next/chunks/pages/about.js` would be the JavaScript chunk loaded when viewing the `/about` route in your application

Author: ```suggestion
- `.next/static/chunks/pages` – Each JavaScript file inside this folder relates to the route with the same name. For example, `.next/static/chunks/pages/about.js` would be the JavaScript file loaded when viewing the `/about` route in your application
```

> - `.next/static/media` – Statically import images from `next/image` are hashed and copied here

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `.next/static/media` – Statically imported images from `next/image` are hashed and copied here
```

> - `.next/static/css` – Global CSS files for all pages in your application

Reviewer 4: Do we want to document each individual folder inside of `.next/static`? Ideally users should only consider the static folder as a whole and not need to worry about the individual folders inside. 

It might be better to mention `.next/static` includes built client side assets including static image imports, CSS, and JavaScript bundles and should ideally be deployed to a CDN for optimal performance.

Author: I think it's helpful to be more granular - let's err on the side of more detail to start.

> - `.next/server/pages` – The HTML and JavaScript entry points prerendered from the server. The `.nft.json` files are used to understand how to [bundle dependencies](/docs/advanced-features/output-file-tracing.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `.next/server/pages` – The HTML and JavaScript entry points prerendered from the server. The `.nft.json` files are created by [Output File Tracing](/docs/advanced-features/output-file-tracing.md) and contain all the file paths that depend on a given page
```

- `.next/server/chunks` – Shared JavaScript chunks used in multiple places throughout your application

> - `.next/cache` – Output for the build cache and cached images, responses, and pages from the Next.js server. Using a cache helps decrease build times and improve performance of loading images

Reviewer 2: Lets add periods at then end of all of these list items

Author: @molebox left feedback to remove the periods - I'm fine with either as long as we're consistent 👍 Thoughts?

> All JavaScript code inside `.next` has been **compiled** and browser bundles have been **minified** to help achieve the best performance and support [all modern browsers](/docs/basic-features/supported-browsers-features.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All JavaScript code inside `.next` has been **compiled** and browser bundles have been **minified** to help achieve the best performance, and support [all modern browsers](/docs/basic-features/supported-browsers-features.md).
```

## Managed Next.js with Vercel

[Vercel](https://vercel.com/) is a frontend cloud platform from the creators of Next.js. It's the fastest way to deploy your managed Next.js application with zero configuration.

> When deploying to Vercel, the `next build` output is automatically transformed and optimized for you, including:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When deploying to Vercel, the platform automatically detects Next.js, runs `next build`, and optimizes the build output for you, including:
```

- Persisting cached assets across deployments if unchanged

> - Immutable deployments with a unique URL for every commit

Reviewer 2: Do we want to link to Vercel docs? For example https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/deployments/overview

Reviewer 2: Oh maybe this instead https://vercel.com/features/previews

> - Immutable deployments with a unique URL for every commit

Author: ```suggestion
- [Immutable deployments](https://vercel.com/features/previews) with a unique URL for every commit
```

- [Pages](/docs/basic-features/pages.md) are automatically statically optimized, if possible
- Assets (JavaScript, CSS, images, fonts) are compressed and served from a [Global Edge Network](https://vercel.com/features/infrastructure)
- [API Routes](/docs/api-routes/introduction.md) are automatically optimized as isolated [Serverless Functions](https://vercel.com/features/infrastructure) that can scale infinitely

> - [Middleware](/docs/middleware.md) are automatically optimized as [Edge Functions](https://vercel.com/edge) that have zero cold starts and boot instantly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Middleware](/docs/middleware.md) are automatically optimized as [Edge Functions](https://vercel.com/features/edge-functions) that have zero cold starts and boot instantly
```

Avoid a redirect?

> In addition, Vercel provides features like:

Reviewer 4: Do we want to mention the bundling optimization done for serverless functions to help keep them hot while also staying within the size limits?

Author: I think that's more of an implementation detail for the Vercel docs since it's a non-issue if you're choosing the alternative route here (self-hosting).

- Automatic performance monitoring with [Next.js Analytics](/analytics)
- Automatic HTTPS and SSL certificates
- Automatic CI/CD (through GitHub, GitLab, Bitbucket, etc.)
- Support for [Environment Variables](https://vercel.com/docs/environment-variables)
- Support for [Custom Domains](https://vercel.com/docs/custom-domains)
- Support for [Image Optimization](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md) with `next/image`

> - Instant global deployments by pushing to git

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Instant global deployments via `git push`
```

> You can start using Vercel (for free) through a personal Hobby account, or create a team to start the next big thing. Learn more about [Next.js on Vercel](https://vercel.com/solutions/nextjs) or read the [Vercel Documentation](https://vercel.com/docs).

Reviewer 3: Are we brining naming conventions over from Vercel docs? We have capitalized Hobby but not team here...

Author: Nah, I'll fix this 👍

}
```

> Next, run `next build` to build your application. Finally, run `next start` to start the Node.js server. This server supports every feature of Next.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, run `next build` to build your application. Finally, run `next start` to start the Node.js server. This server supports every feature of Next.js.
```

Just trying to avoid people thinking it's a pun

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, run `next build` to build your application. Finally, run `next start` to start the Node.js server. This server supports all Next.js features.
```

Feel free to discard this one, just a small comment.

### Docker Image

Next.js can be deployed to any hosting provider that supports [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) containers. You can use this approach when deploying to container orchestrators such as [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) or [HashiCorp Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/), or when running inside a single node in any cloud provider.

1. [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) on your machine.
1. [Use this example](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-docker).
1. Build your container: `docker build -t nextjs-docker .`.
1. Run your container: `docker run -p 3000:3000 nextjs-docker`.

### Static HTML Export

If you’d like to do a static HTML export of your Next.js app, follow the directions on [our documentation](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md).

## Automatic Updates

When you deploy your Next.js application, you want to see the latest version without needing to reload.

Next.js will automatically load the latest version of your application in the background when routing. For client-side navigations, `next/link` will temporarily function as a normal `<a>` tag.

> **Note:** If a new page (with an old version) has already been prefetched by `next/link`, Next.js will use the old version. Then, after either a full page refresh or multiple client-side page transitions, Next.js will show the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If a new page (with an old version) has already been prefetched by `next/link`, Next.js will use the old version. Then, after either a full page refresh or multiple client-side page transitions, Next.js will show the latest version.
```

Multiple navigations will not affect the refresh, only navigating to a page that was not prefetched yet would affect it.

}
```

Then, run `next build` to build your application. Finally, run `next start` to start the Node.js server. This server supports all features of Next.js.

> If you are using [`next/image`](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md), consider adding `sharp` for more performant [Image Optimization](/docs/basic-features/image-optimization.md) in your production environment by running `npm install sharp` in your project directory. On Linux platforms, `sharp` may require [additional configuration](https://sharp.pixelplumbing.com/install#linux-memory-allocator) to prevent excessive memory usage.

### Docker Image

Next.js can be deployed to any hosting provider that supports [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) containers. You can use this approach when deploying to container orchestrators such as [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) or [HashiCorp Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/), or when running inside a single node in any cloud provider.

1. [Install Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) on your machine

> 1. [Use this example](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-docker)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Clone the [with-docker](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-docker) example
```

1. Build your container: `docker build -t nextjs-docker .`.
1. Run your container: `docker run -p 3000:3000 nextjs-docker`.

### Static HTML Export

> If you’d like to do a static HTML export of your Next.js app, follow the directions on our [Static HTML Expor tdocumentation](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you’d like to do a static HTML export of your Next.js app, follow the directions on our [Static HTML Export documentation](/docs/advanced-features/static-html-export.md).
```

## Automatic Updates

When you deploy your Next.js application, you want to see the latest version without needing to reload.

> Next.js will automatically load the latest version of your application in the background when routing. For client-side navigations, `next/link` will temporarily function as a normal `<a>` tag.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Next.js will automatically load the latest version of your application in the background when routing if assets from the active build are no longer available. For client-side navigations, `next/link` will temporarily function as a normal `<a>` tag ensuring the latest assets are loaded.
```

> **Note:** If a new page (with an old version) has already been prefetched by `next/link`, Next.js will use the old version. Then, navigating to a page that has not been prefetched yet will show the latest version.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
**Note:** If a new page (with an old version) has already been prefetched by `next/link`, Next.js will use the old version. Then, navigating to a page that has not been prefetched yet and is not cached at the CDN level, the latest version will be loaded.
```
